welcome back to movie on today i'm going
to explain the movie called piranaconda
from 2012.
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
and i hope you enjoy it at the beginning
of the movie we saw professor lovegrove
and two of his crew members in a
helicopter they were going towards the
forest to find an egg for research
after they researched there the
professor told the pilot to stay there
when they moved forward they found so
many eggs near the lake they were so
happy to find these and then the
professor was packing the egg to take it
with him for research
but then suddenly a giant piranha conda
attacked them it killed two of his crew
members but somehow he ran away from
there this giant snake was a merged form
of a piranha and an anaconda when the
pilot noticed the piranha conda he tried
to run away from there with the
helicopter but the piranha conda
attacked the helicopter as well
therefore the helicopter crashed and the
pilot died the professor became so
worried after seeing this
in the next scene we saw that there was
a shooting of a movie going on in that
forest milo was the director of this
movie the lead actress in this movie was
kimmy scriptwriter rose was also there
jack was in the role of a stuntman in
this movie and jack likes rose
jack asked her for a drink
after that margaret approached rose and
asked her about the light meter rose
told her that it was near the lake when
margaret went there she found the light
meter but then suddenly the piranha
conda came there but margaret didn't
notice it therefore the piranha conda
came so close to her
when she saw the piranaconda she got so
scared and she tried to hide behind the
bamboo trees but the piranha conda bit
off one of her legs
she tried to get away from it but the
piranakana attacked her once again and
ate her alive
in the next scene we saw rose and jack
rose told him about the piranha conda
she had done research about this giant
snake
jack asked her do you still believe in
these things they've been removed from
the earth so many years ago but rose
told him that someone had seen this
giant piranhaconda in the nearby forest
but jack didn't take it seriously
in the next scene we saw a girl going
towards the lake to take a bath but
suddenly the piranha attacked her and
ate her alive
in the next scene we saw the professor
and he went to an old factory but
suddenly a girl named talia went there
and kidnapped the professor
she was pike's girlfriend and pike was a
gangster
after that the professor told them that
it's not safe for them to stay here in
this forest but they didn't listen to
him and instead they made fun of him the
professor told them that i can give you
all the money you want but we must leave
this place
but they didn't listen to him and locked
him inside the factory
after that talia checked the bag of the
professor and found that egg in the next
scene we saw a doctor she was with two
of her colleagues named vicky and
leilani they came to this forest to find
a flower that could immediately heal any
kind of sickness
suddenly they found that flower but then
they heard that leilani was screaming
they got so scared and tried to run away
from there with the flower but before
that the piranha conda surrounded them
and then killed them
in the next scene we saw that the shoot
of the movie was going on and the side
actress rachel was not performing well
so director milo told her to read the
script once again
rachel went near the lake while reading
the script and then she noticed the
piranaconda she got scared and tried to
run away the piranhaconda also went
after her but before it could attack her
another piranha came there and we
realized that there were two
piranacondas in this forest
both of them attacked rachel together
therefore her body got cut into little
pieces
in the next scene we saw that jack went
to gunner he was the manager of all the
explosive scenes in this movie he showed
him an explosive that can explode if you
just throw it on the ground
meanwhile director milo told everyone
that the investors had refused to invest
in this movie
and that's why he's quitting the shoot
and all of them became sad after hearing
this
while they were going back they had to
stop in the middle of the road since
there was a broken car on the road and
some people were trying to fix it and we
saw that they were pike's men
and they've come here to kidnap them
they got so scared meanwhile arturo shot
the director in his leg
so that the others will get scared and
listen to them
but suddenly gunner and jack exploded
those explosives and ran away from there
some of pike's men went after them the
others took their phones away from them
and told them to go with them jack and
gunner decided to split while running
through the forest
gunner hid in a place and attacked the
man who was behind him and jack jumped
into a lake while running
but the man who was after him kept
firing at him in the water
meanwhile the piranha came there and
killed him and this time jack was safe
from that man but he didn't notice the
paranoconda
but deep down he had a feeling that
there was a giant creature and he ran
away from the lake
meanwhile a man of pyke came to arturo
with a video camera and it was the video
camera of the professor's colleague and
she was eaten by the parana conda
when arturo checked the footage in that
camera he saw the paranoconda he got so
scared after seeing this since the
professor had already warned them about
this
in the next scene we saw that arturo
went to pike and tried to convince him
to leave this forest and told him to
check the video
after that we saw a couple on the beach
they were jaime and rick they came to
the beach to swim
when rick went near a tree to pee a
peranakana attacked him and ate him
jaime was so worried since rick was not
replying to her but she thought that
rick was doing a prank with her
in the next scene we saw that arturo
showed the video to pike and told him
that the professor was right about that
creature
after that they checked the egg that the
professor had brought here arturo told
pike that we're not fighting with just a
giant snake it's a mixture of a piranha
and an anaconda and it's so dangerous
the name of this creature is piranaconda
after that arturo told pike to throw
away the egg because that pirana conda
could come here by looking for this egg
but pyke didn't do it because he thinks
he can sell this egg and earn so much
money
then we saw jack he came back to their
car and tried to start the car but the
car didn't start meanwhile gunner also
came there jack told him about this
forest and said that we're in great
danger because i've seen a giant
creature in this forest that's why
gunner went back to the shooting spot to
bring some explosives
in the next scene we saw that arturo
made a video with milo rose and kimmy he
threatened on this video that if the
government doesn't send three million
dollars into his account then he will
kill all of them one by one
after that rose told arturo that she
needed to pee and arturo took her to the
forest but rose tried to seduce him and
kissed him
arturo got distracted and rose attacked
him and ran away from there
after that arturo sent one of his men
after her
while running rose went to the place
where the piranha conda had laid eggs
she got scared after seeing these eggs
but then that guy came there and tried
to kill her before he could attack her
the piranha conda came there and ate him
meanwhile rose ran away from there and
came back to the factory since she was
so scared after seeing the piranha conda
jack and gunner also found that factory
and decided to go there because deep
down they had a feeling that the
gangsters might have kept the others in
that factory
when jack looked through the binoculars
he saw rose and then they went there to
attack the gangsters
jack started to kill the men of pyke one
by one gunner set the explosives all
around the factory and set the detonator
for two hours
jack saved them all but before he could
get to the car milo decided that he will
try to stop pike's men so that the
others can run away from there
because his leg was injured and
therefore he could not run jack gave the
gun to milo and tried to get to the car
but then pike and his men attacked them
he fought them back but the piranha
khanda came there and ate talia in front
of them
meanwhile gunner destroyed the factory
with those explosives but he was shot as
well and died
after that the others tried to save
their lives and got in the car
jack was driving the car so fast but the
piranha condo was after them pike also
went after them
meanwhile jack saw that the piranha
condo was standing in front of them on
the road but still jack kept driving
rose and kimmy got so scared after
seeing this they had no idea about what
jack was up to
pike tried to attack the car with a
rocket launcher but the rocket launcher
hit the piranha conda and jack was able
to run away from there
then another parana khanda came there
and saw that the first paranaconda was
injured by the rocket launcher and with
this chance it attacked the first
paranoconda
in the next scene we saw that jack had
to stop since their car was not starting
anymore
all of them became so worried about this
because they had no options left
the professor told them about a boat but
he doesn't know where that boat is
that's why they need to walk and look
for that boat
in the next scene we saw milo and he
found jamie on the beach jamie was
waiting for her boyfriend rick
when jaime told him about her boyfriend
milo tried to convince him that a giant
snake had eaten him
but she thought that he must be joking
and went inside the forest to look for
him and she found so many eggs of that
parana conda
milo told her that these are the eggs of
that pirana conda
she got angry after seeing these eggs
and took a stick in her hand and began
to break the eggs
meanwhile the piranha conda came there
and attacked milo and then ate his whole
body except for his leg
jaime got so scared after seeing this
and started to scream and the
piranhaconda ate half her body
on the other side we saw that jack rose
kimmy and the professor went to that
boat when jack saw that egg in the
professor's bag he asked him earlier you
told us the piranhaconda could smell
this egg and come after it then why are
you keeping it to yourself
jack realized that he's not going to
leave this egg here that's why he
decided to bring back the explosives to
defend the piranha conda and then jack
rose and kimmy started walking towards
the studio van when they went there pike
came there with his men and pike shot
jack
he threatened them that if anyone tries
to run away from here he will kill them
he doesn't care about money anymore
because his girlfriend talia died
because of them
jack tried to convince them that they
could kill the piranha conda but then
the piranha conda came there and killed
all of pike's men after that kimmy went
back to the boat with the explosives
rose and jack stayed here meanwhile the
parana conda killed pike as well and it
also killed kimmy
rose became so upset after seeing this
but jack told her that they can kill it
and then he told rose to go back to the
boat
on the other side the professor was
about to run away with the boat but rose
came there and stopped him but the
professor told her that jack will die
for sure and that's why we must leave
and then they went forward without
taking jack with them here jack went
back to that van and found the
explosives
he took the bike of pike and went
towards the forest the piranha condo was
after the professor since he had an egg
in his bag
that's why rose told him to throw away
that egg but he told her that this egg
is so expensive we can change history
with his egg and then he took away the
egg from rose but rose turned the boat
so fast that the egg fell in the water
the professor got so mad about it and
turned the boat once again to get the
egg back
when he tried to get the egg from the
water rose pushed him into the water and
rose ran away from there with the egg
the piranha conda came there and ate the
professor
rose went to jack with the egg and they
went to the lake to destroy that egg
they put an explosive in the egg and
threw it towards that pirana conda
the piranha conda ate that egg and rose
and jack jumped into the lake
since it ate it the explosive exploded
inside its belly and it died
jack and rose were so happy about it and
then they started to kiss each other
in the last scene of the movie we saw
that the parana conda was still alive
to watch more explanations of these
kinds of movies click on the videos on
your screen and don't forget to let me
know how you feel about today's video in
the comments down below and at last i
will say stay safe stay well thanks